# Introducing SocraticAI

Discover Socratic AI, a groundbreaking application that transforms problem-solving by leveraging the power of multiple Large Language Model-based agents in Socratic dialogue. Socratic AI elevates artificial intelligence, providing a distinctive and engaging experience that empowers users to uncover comprehensive and well-reasoned solutions to their challenges, all while remaining free from prompt engineering.

**Disclaimer**: All code and content are generated by large language models.

### Demo Video

Check out this demo video to see SocraticAI in action:

[Watch the SocraticAI Demo Video on Vimeo](https://vimeo.com/821089266)


## Understanding the Socratic Method

The term "Socratic" is derived from the name of the ancient Greek philosopher Socrates. Socratic dialogue is a cooperative argumentative dialogue that aims to stimulate critical thinking and elicit ideas and underlying assumptions. It involves a series of questions and answers designed to examine complex issues from various perspectives. The goal is not to win an argument or establish a single "correct" answer, but to collaboratively explore the subject matter, challenge preconceptions, and enhance understanding.

### Harnessing Socratic Dialogue with AI

Socratic AI employs this powerful technique by engaging multiple AI agents in conversation with each other and the user, without the need for prompt engineering. By simulating a Socratic dialogue, these AI agents can scrutinize diverse aspects of a problem, analyze multiple angles, and generate a wide range of potential solutions. The outcome is a more comprehensive and well-rounded understanding of the issue, ultimately guiding users toward better-informed decisions and effective solutions. Unleash the power of collective intelligence with Socratic AI, your premier tool for problem-solving, insight generation, and knowledge expansion.

## How to Use SocraticAI

To get started with SocraticAI, follow these simple steps:

1. Install the required packages by running the following command in your terminal:

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

2. Ensure that you have the necessary API keys for OpenAI and Wolfram Alpha by setting the following environment variables:

```
export OPENAI_ORG="your-openai-org"
export OPENAI_API_KEY="your-openai-key"
export WOLFRAM_APP_ID="your-wolfram-alpha-key"
```

3. Run the web application by executing the following command in your terminal:

```
python app.py
```

4. Access the SocraticAI web app by opening your web browser and navigating to the following address: `http://127.0.0.1:5000/`. We recommend using Google Chrome for the best user experience.

Now you're all set to explore the power of Socratic dialogue and AI-driven problem-solving with SocraticAI!